 months. Not the major updates, but they are working hard to make Java as a most powerful language. So I hope you are excited for the entire course. We are going to start from the basic as I mentioned and you will learn a lot of different stuff. But as I mentioned, it's not about completing the entire course in one day. You can use a timeline to jump between these sections. And also with this, we also have a code there. So in the description, you will find the link, GitHub link, where you can access all the codes. And maybe it will help, it will be helpful for you to write this code. So let's start the journey. I know you were excited to write your first Java code. But the thing is, to write the Java code, you need a place to write the code, right? So basically, you need a editor. Of course, notepad works, right? We all love notepad. Apart from notepad, we have multiple softwares using which you can write your Java code. Maybe you can use what pad or you can use notepad plus plus, you can use edit plus. Where it comes to programming, there are multiple editor options available, specifically for Java, the one of the most famous IDE. Now, IDE stands for integrated development environment. So basically, we have editors where you can only type the code or you can use a IDE where you can type the code, where you can run the code, where you can compile the code, where you can debug the code, and you can do everything in an IDE. Now, we just got now for beginners using editor makes sense. But then if you are working on a real project, you can use a IDE. Now, it is depend upon you, which idea you want to use. In this course, we are going to use VS code. Now, there are multiple options available. We have eclipse, intelligent idea, we have netbeans. In fact, I have worked on a lot on netbeans. At the start of my career, I have worked on eclipse as well for some few years. And then I have worked on intelligent idea for one or two project. My personal favorite is intelligent idea. The only thing is the ultimate version, which is awesome is a paid version. The committee version is good, but it has some limited features. Now, why we are using VS code is because it's a very lightweight editor.