 or an IDE. So you can do everything in VS code and it's also lightweight. Okay, apart from that, you also need a compiler, right? So of course, when you write a code, of course, you have to compile your code so that you must not understand that. And in terms of Java, we have to download JDK, which stands for Java development kit. Now, how do you get these two software? It's very simple. Just go to your browser and search for JDK download and also you can search for VS code. So these are two software we're going to use. Let's start with JDK first. In JDK, we have two versions. We have a proprietary JDK or a photo and we have our open source version. In fact, there are multiple implementation for open source. You can choose any of them. We have Correto. We have different implementation. You can just explore them. But I'm going to use Oracle JDK here. Yes, at one point, Oracle made a Java page, but now it's free again. So we can use Oracle JDK here. And you can just pick on the Java downloads. And you can see it will give you multiple options. The thing is, at the point of this recording, Java 19 already launched, Java 20 is going to release soon. And with every new version, in fact, Java is following this six months updates now. So every six months, you will get new updates. Right. So with every new update, you will get some features, but the basic language will remain same. So irrespective, if you're watching this, when we have Java 25, don't worry, Java is backward compatible. And the basic language features will be same. Of course, there will be a minute to X in the new updates, new features. But what all it will be same, in case if there is something new happening, which is changing the basic concept, we are going to re-record that video in the in the series. Okay, now which one is version to choose here? Should we go for Java 19 or Java 17? The thing is, with every six months, you get new features, right? But not every version is LTS. LTS stands for long term support. So there are some versions which get long term support. Now, Java 17 is one of them. So,