 my own videos today was the concept. But the thing is, I love Java. And with this experience, I'm making the entire course. I was talking about my experience, right? In fact, I have learned multiple languages. In this all 12 years, maybe I have worked on 12 different languages. You can name it, maybe C++, C Python, Java, JavaScript, Go language. So I love most of the languages. Some languages I learned just for the projects. But then when I was learning those languages, I was feeling hate. It's so easy. It's because I have learned Java. Yes, people say Java is difficult. Yes, to start with, it is difficult. Maybe if you want to learn Java as your first language, it kind of difficult because if you're coming from other languages, let's say Python or JavaScript. And if you want to print one statement, you can actually see that in one line. That's not the case with Java. You have to write five lines of code. But yes, once you make a big application, the number of lines will remain almost same. So Java is difficult. Yes, just to start with. But the thing is, Java is one of the most readable language. What I mean by that is, if you are looking at someone else's code, you can read the Java code line by line. That's not true with other languages. So Java is great in that terms. Java is maintainable. And maybe that's why most of the industries are preferring to use Java. Now, Java has multiple features. We'll talk about those features later. But just to name them, we got what are which is right, once run anywhere, which supports multiple threads. It has a collection API concept. You can handle the exceptions. And we are going to learn everything in this particular course. Now, just to go for the history of Java, Java was made in 1995 by Sun Microsystem. And it was led by the team of James Gosling. Later on, Oracle bought Sun. So now the trademark of Java belongs to Oracle. Yes, in between Oracle did some messed up things with Java. But yeah, they are back on track. And the beauty is Java is getting updated in every six months.